quick setup: introduce setup script (#372)
holochain/docs-pages: src/pages/quick-start/index.md

* 30GB+ available disk space
* High Speed Internet connection

> ## Holochain on Linux, macOS and Windows

Reviewer: I'm curious about the reason for removing the word 'Install' here?

Author: I've found calling this "Installation" funny from the beginning. It's installing a package manager and then setting up a cache to get pre-compiled packages from. It's not "installing Holochain". After running these commands Holochain isn't installed, you can't run a Holochain command. It's unlike installing "Vue" or "npm".

It would be "Installing development environment tools for Holochain on Linux, macOS and Windows" I'd say, but that's a bit long for my taste.

> ## Holochain on Linux, macOS and Windows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install the Holochain Dev Environment
```

!!! note Prerequisite for Windows: WSL2

> The Nix package manager, which we use to install and manage Holochain development tools, only supports Mac and Linux. Linux can be run under Windows with [WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install){target=_blank}.

Reviewer 3: why did you remove the "works natively"? i personally think that's a relevant information for windows users.

Author: I find it doesn't add anything substantial and instead leaves room for interpretation. If I say "it's supported under Windows" or "it runs under Windows", it's implicit that it's a native binary for Windows.
When I say "it works under Windows, but not natively, you need to run it in a VM or an emulator or so" - well that's true for everything that's not supported under a certain OS. It's like saying "Visual Studio works under macOS, just not natively, you need to run it in a VM with Windows".

> The Nix package manager, which we use to install and manage Holochain development tools, only supports Mac and Linux. Linux can be run under Windows with [WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install){target=_blank}.

Author: ```suggestion
The Nix package manager, which we use to install and manage Holochain development tools, only supports Mac and Linux. Please install Linux under Windows with [WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install){target=_blank}.
```

_Holochain is supported for the Ubuntu distribution under WSL2._
!!!

> ### Install the Nix Package Manager & set up Holochain binary cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install the Nix Package Manager and set up Holochain binary cache
```

At a command line:

```bash

> bash <(curl https://holochain.github.io/holochain/setup.sh)

Reviewer 3: does it really need to be bash? i don't think we're using exclusive bash features in the script.

```suggestion
sh <(curl https://holochain.github.io/holochain/setup.sh)
```

Author: `sh` didn't work and I didn't want to spend more time on figuring it out. If you know how to make it work, welcome!

Reviewer 3: do you mean that the nix installation didn't for you either? that'd be very surprising for me because this is the way it's documented on nixos.org

Author: It does work when run as a command. It doesn't work inside of this script.

Reviewer 3: i'll let this one be a mystery as of now especially since we rely on bash inside the script now too

```

> ### Scaffold Your First Holochain App

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Scaffold An Example Holochain App
```

Reviewer 2: This section was confusing in that it actually sounded like you were going to scaffold your OWN first holochain app, but the the script scaffolds OUR example hApp.  I think we need to re-think how we do this, but for now changing the title as above makes it a little clearer.

Type the following at the command line:

```bash

> nix run github:holochain/holochain#hc-scaffold -- example forum

Reviewer: This change is interesting, because it quietly delivers on something Art's been wanting for a while -- removing holochain.love. Seems like a good change to me 👍🏼
